You, Monkey D. Luffy, the boy who will become King of the Pirates, have just lost your older brother Portgas D. Ace. The grief and trauma from the loss threaten to consume you. However, you are still uncouncious from your injuries sustained during and before the battle at Marineford to free Ace and in your dream you arrive at an island. 

This island is called In Memoriam after the poem written by the great Tennyson Alfred.* Lord Tennyson was the sole survivor of a ship wreck. He lost his wife that day and nearly lost his own life drifting among the ocean, but somehow he made it to an island, though it was deserted. Consumed by his grief he never even tried to send out signals or make any effort at all to get back home to his surviving family members and friends.
While he slowly died of starvation he wrote one last poem dedicated to his lost beloved. His grief however was so powerful that it lingered even after his death and possessed the island causing abnormal weather and possessed beasts that would usually only be witnessed on the Grand Line. A spirit, noticing the danger this island possed, tore it from the physical realm and made it a source for good. Now, whenever someone is in danger of losing sight of their friends and loved ones, as well as their dreams and promises, due to a great loss the spirit summons their soul to the island where they encounter a stone slab with an excerpt from Tennyson's poem which the island is named after and a table with an item representing the person they lost.Behind this slab and table are other tables that have items representing loved ones who are still alive. Through showing these griefing souls these items the spirit hopes to remind them that not all
is lost. There are still people out there who not only love them, but need them as well. That is why you are here, Monkey D. Luffy. You still have your crew who need their captain. You can't abandon them! Also, sometimes there are stone memorials to others who have passed in recent years if you wish to traverse the shore behind you when you first arrive and pay your respects.

* - names in the One Piece universe are one last name, D. if they possess the Will of D (Still no idea what that is other than you crave freedom, will eat mountains of food at each meal (5 meals a day (at least with Luffy the main character)), and tend to always die with a smile on their face and no regrets. Also a bit crazy with narcoleptic tendicies (some worse than others)), then the first name (Like Monkey D. Luffy, Portgas D. Ace, Nico Robin, ect.) 

Also, the excerpt on the stone slab is my favorite section of In Memoriam (and not just because it was in Hellboy II!!!) Anyway, reading it over and over really helped me feel better when my poppie Edwin McGary died April 16, 2012. This game itself is like a metaphor for a scene in One Piece where Jimbe reminds Luffy that he still has his crew even if he's lost Ace, so this Island is acting in place of that and is a way for me to tribute this last assignment to my poppie. I really took his death pretty hard because since he had Alzheimer’s, so it was like we lost him twice. I know this isn't much, but I really wanted to do something since it's been three years now and this class provided the perfect oppurtunity for me to honor his memory. 

